README.md, before:

# Yul Puzzles by RareSkills

## How to play
Open `src/ReturnBool.sol` and `test/ReturnBool.t.sol`. Your goal is to write assembly code in each puzzle that makes the test pass. You may only write assembly code.

Run the test with

```shell
forge test --mp test/ReturnBool.t.sol
```

Now repeat this with the other puzzles.

## Suggested order of the Puzzles
Go through the puzzles sequentially 

0. [ReturnBool](./src/ReturnBool.sol) (_solved_)
1. [SimpleRevert](./src/SimpleRevert.sol) (_solved_)
2. [RevertWithSelector](./src/RevertWithSelector.sol) (_solved_)
3. [Return42](./src/Return42.sol) (_solved_)
4. [RevertWithError](./src/RevertWithError.sol) (_solved_)
5. [RevertWithSelectorPlusArgs](./src/RevertWithSelectorPlusArgs.sol) 
6. [RevertWithPanic](./src/RevertWithPanic.sol) 
7. [Double](./src/Double.sol) 
8. [Calculator](./src/Calculator.sol) 
9. [DoubleOrNothing](./src/DoubleOrNothing.sol) 
10. [MaxOfTwoValues](./src/MaxOfTwoValues.sol) 
11. [IsPrime](./src/IsPrime.sol) 
12. [CalldataLength](./src/CalldataLength.sol) 
13. [KeccakX](./src/KeccakX.sol) 
14. [KeccakFirstCalldata](./src/KeccakFirstCalldata.sol) 
15. [KeccakSecondCalldata](./src/KeccakSecondCalldata.sol) 
16. [LengthOfDynamicArray](./src/LengthOfDynamicArray.sol) 
17. [MaxOfArray](./src/MaxOfArray.sol) 
18. [ReadFromStorage](./src/ReadFromStorage.sol) 
19. [WriteToStorage](./src/WriteToStorage.sol) 
20. [ReadFromFixedArray](./src/ReadFromFixedArray.sol) 
21. [Tenary](./src/Tenary.sol) 
22. [WriteToFixedArray](./src/WriteToFixedArray.sol) 
23. [ReadFromDynamicArray](./src/ReadFromDynamicArray.sol) 
24. [WriteToDynamicArray](./src/WriteToDynamicArray.sol) 
25. [ReadFromMapping](./src/ReadFromMapping.sol) 
26. [WriteToMapping](./src/WriteToMapping.sol) 
27. [PushToDynamicArray](./src/PushToDynamicArray.sol) 
28. [PopFromDynamicArray](./src/PopFromDynamicArray.sol) 
29. [ReadFromDoubleMapping](./src/ReadFromDoubleMapping.sol) 
30. [ReadFromDynamicArrayAndRevertOnFailure](./src/ReadFromDynamicArrayAndRevertOnFailure.sol) 
31. [WriteToDoubleMapping](./src/WriteToDoubleMapping.sol) 
32. [WriteDynamicArrayToStorage](./src/WriteDynamicArrayToStorage.sol) 
33. [WriteTwoDynamicArraysToStorage](./src/WriteTwoDynamicArraysToStorage.sol) 
34. [ReadFromPacked128](./src/ReadFromPacked128.sol) 
35. [WriteToPacked128](./src/WriteToPacked128.sol) 
36. [ReadFromPacked64](./src/ReadFromPacked64.sol) 
37. [WriteToPacked64](./src/WriteToPacked64.sol) 
38. [WriteToPackedDynamicArray64](./src/WriteToPackedDynamicArray64.sol) 
39. [ReadFromMappingInStruct](./src/ReadFromMappingInStruct.sol) 
40. [EventWithoutData](./src/EventWithoutData.sol) 
41. [EventWithData](./src/EventWithData.sol) 
42. [EventWithIndexedData](./src/EventWithIndexedData.sol) 
43. [EventWithMultipleData](./src/EventWithMultipleData.sol) 
44. [AnonymonusEventWithoutData](./src/AnonymonusEventWithoutData.sol) 
45. [AnonymonusEventWithData](./src/AnonymonusEventWithData.sol) 
46. [AnonymonusEventWithIndexedData](./src/AnonymonusEventWithIndexedData.sol) 
47. [AnonymonusEventWithComplexData](./src/AnonymonusEventWithComplexData.sol) 
48. [EventWithComplexData](./src/EventWithComplexData.sol) 
49. [BatchEvents](./src/BatchEvents.sol) 
50. [CalculatorInFallback](./src/CalculatorInFallback.sol)
51. [ReturnOppositeBool](./src/ReturnOppositeBool.sol)
52. [ReturnTwoBools](./src/ReturnTwoBools.sol)
53. [ReturnArrayOfUint256](./src/ReturnArrayOfUint256.sol)
54. [ReturnString](./src/ReturnString.sol)
55. [ReturnBytes](./src/ReturnBytes.sol)
56. [FizzBuzz](./src/FizzBuzz.sol)
57. [ReturnTupleOfString](./src/ReturnTupleOfString.sol)
58. [ReturnSimpleStruct](./src/ReturnSimpleStruct.sol)
59. [ReturnTupleOfUint256String](./src/ReturnTupleOfUint256String.sol)
60. [ReturnTupleOfStringUnit256](./src/ReturnTupleOfStringUnit256.sol)
61. [SendEther](./src/SendEther.sol)
62. [SendAllEther](./src/SendAllEther.sol)
63. [PaymentSplitter](./src/PaymentSplitter.sol)
64. [SendBack](./src/SendBack.sol)
65. [BasicBank](./src/BasicBank.sol)
66. [SimpleCall](./src/SimpleCall.sol)
67. [SimpleCallWithValue](./src/SimpleCallWithValue.sol)
68. [Approve](./src/Approve.sol)
69. [TransferFrom](./src/TransferFrom.sol)
70. [BalanceOf](./src/BalanceOf.sol)
71. [CreateSimple](./src/CreateSimple.sol)
72. [CreateSimplePayable](./src/CreateSimplePayable.sol)
73. [CreateSimpleCalldata](./src/CreateSimpleCalldata.sol)
74. [DeployOneByte](./src/DeployOneByte.sol)
75. [DeployNBytes](./src/DeployNBytes.sol)
76. [SquareRoot](./src/SquareRoot.sol)
77. [Division](./src/Division.sol)
78. [AbsoluteValue](./src/AbsoluteValue.sol)
79. [SetBit](./src/SetBit.sol)
80. [Log2](./src/Log2.sol)

## Acknowledgement
This work was funded by a [grant from the Ethereum Foundation](https://blog.ethereum.org/2025/02/06/allocation-q4-24#:~:text=Set%20of%2080%20puzzles%20for%20players%20to%20become%20comfortable%20with%20writing%20Yul%20assembly%20where%20players%20fill%20out%20a%20code%20block%20and%20see%20if%20the%20unit%20tests%20pass.).

Commit message:

Solved all problems up till 21 (except 9)

README.md, after:

# Yul Puzzles by RareSkills

## How to play
Open `src/ReturnBool.sol` and `test/ReturnBool.t.sol`. Your goal is to write assembly code in each puzzle that makes the test pass. You may only write assembly code.

Run the test with

```shell
forge test --mp test/ReturnBool.t.sol
```

Now repeat this with the other puzzles.

## Suggested order of the Puzzles
Go through the puzzles sequentially 

0. [ReturnBool](./src/ReturnBool.sol) (_solved_)
1. [SimpleRevert](./src/SimpleRevert.sol) (_solved_)
2. [RevertWithSelector](./src/RevertWithSelector.sol) (_solved_)
3. [Return42](./src/Return42.sol) (_solved_)
4. [RevertWithError](./src/RevertWithError.sol) (_solved_)
5. [RevertWithSelectorPlusArgs](./src/RevertWithSelectorPlusArgs.sol) (_solved_)
6. [RevertWithPanic](./src/RevertWithPanic.sol) (_solved_)
7. [Double](./src/Double.sol) (_solved_)
8. [Calculator](./src/Calculator.sol) (_solved_)
9. [DoubleOrNothing](./src/DoubleOrNothing.sol) (_solution fails_)
10. [MaxOfTwoValues](./src/MaxOfTwoValues.sol) (_solved_)
11. [IsPrime](./src/IsPrime.sol) (_solved_)
12. [CalldataLength](./src/CalldataLength.sol) (_solved_)
13. [KeccakX](./src/KeccakX.sol) (_solved_)
14. [KeccakFirstCalldata](./src/KeccakFirstCalldata.sol) (_solved_)
15. [KeccakSecondCalldata](./src/KeccakSecondCalldata.sol) (_solved_)
16. [LengthOfDynamicArray](./src/LengthOfDynamicArray.sol) (_solved_)
17. [MaxOfArray](./src/MaxOfArray.sol) (_solved_)
18. [ReadFromStorage](./src/ReadFromStorage.sol) (_solved_)
19. [WriteToStorage](./src/WriteToStorage.sol) (_solved_)
20. [ReadFromFixedArray](./src/ReadFromFixedArray.sol) (_solved_)
21. [Tenary](./src/Tenary.sol) (_solved_)
22. [WriteToFixedArray](./src/WriteToFixedArray.sol) 
23. [ReadFromDynamicArray](./src/ReadFromDynamicArray.sol) 
24. [WriteToDynamicArray](./src/WriteToDynamicArray.sol) 
25. [ReadFromMapping](./src/ReadFromMapping.sol) 
26. [WriteToMapping](./src/WriteToMapping.sol) 
27. [PushToDynamicArray](./src/PushToDynamicArray.sol) 
28. [PopFromDynamicArray](./src/PopFromDynamicArray.sol) 
29. [ReadFromDoubleMapping](./src/ReadFromDoubleMapping.sol) 
30. [ReadFromDynamicArrayAndRevertOnFailure](./src/ReadFromDynamicArrayAndRevertOnFailure.sol) 
31. [WriteToDoubleMapping](./src/WriteToDoubleMapping.sol) 
32. [WriteDynamicArrayToStorage](./src/WriteDynamicArrayToStorage.sol) 
33. [WriteTwoDynamicArraysToStorage](./src/WriteTwoDynamicArraysToStorage.sol) 
34. [ReadFromPacked128](./src/ReadFromPacked128.sol) 
35. [WriteToPacked128](./src/WriteToPacked128.sol) 
36. [ReadFromPacked64](./src/ReadFromPacked64.sol) 
37. [WriteToPacked64](./src/WriteToPacked64.sol) 
38. [WriteToPackedDynamicArray64](./src/WriteToPackedDynamicArray64.sol) 
39. [ReadFromMappingInStruct](./src/ReadFromMappingInStruct.sol) 
40. [EventWithoutData](./src/EventWithoutData.sol) 
41. [EventWithData](./src/EventWithData.sol) 
42. [EventWithIndexedData](./src/EventWithIndexedData.sol) 
43. [EventWithMultipleData](./src/EventWithMultipleData.sol) 
44. [AnonymonusEventWithoutData](./src/AnonymonusEventWithoutData.sol) 
45. [AnonymonusEventWithData](./src/AnonymonusEventWithData.sol) 
46. [AnonymonusEventWithIndexedData](./src/AnonymonusEventWithIndexedData.sol) 
47. [AnonymonusEventWithComplexData](./src/AnonymonusEventWithComplexData.sol) 
48. [EventWithComplexData](./src/EventWithComplexData.sol) 
49. [BatchEvents](./src/BatchEvents.sol) 
50. [CalculatorInFallback](./src/CalculatorInFallback.sol)
51. [ReturnOppositeBool](./src/ReturnOppositeBool.sol)
52. [ReturnTwoBools](./src/ReturnTwoBools.sol)
53. [ReturnArrayOfUint256](./src/ReturnArrayOfUint256.sol)
54. [ReturnString](./src/ReturnString.sol)
55. [ReturnBytes](./src/ReturnBytes.sol)
56. [FizzBuzz](./src/FizzBuzz.sol)
57. [ReturnTupleOfString](./src/ReturnTupleOfString.sol)
58. [ReturnSimpleStruct](./src/ReturnSimpleStruct.sol)
59. [ReturnTupleOfUint256String](./src/ReturnTupleOfUint256String.sol)
60. [ReturnTupleOfStringUnit256](./src/ReturnTupleOfStringUnit256.sol)
61. [SendEther](./src/SendEther.sol)
62. [SendAllEther](./src/SendAllEther.sol)
63. [PaymentSplitter](./src/PaymentSplitter.sol)
64. [SendBack](./src/SendBack.sol)
65. [BasicBank](./src/BasicBank.sol)
66. [SimpleCall](./src/SimpleCall.sol)
67. [SimpleCallWithValue](./src/SimpleCallWithValue.sol)
68. [Approve](./src/Approve.sol)
69. [TransferFrom](./src/TransferFrom.sol)
70. [BalanceOf](./src/BalanceOf.sol)
71. [CreateSimple](./src/CreateSimple.sol)
72. [CreateSimplePayable](./src/CreateSimplePayable.sol)
73. [CreateSimpleCalldata](./src/CreateSimpleCalldata.sol)
74. [DeployOneByte](./src/DeployOneByte.sol)
75. [DeployNBytes](./src/DeployNBytes.sol)
76. [SquareRoot](./src/SquareRoot.sol)
77. [Division](./src/Division.sol)
78. [AbsoluteValue](./src/AbsoluteValue.sol)
79. [SetBit](./src/SetBit.sol)
80. [Log2](./src/Log2.sol)

## Acknowledgement
This work was funded by a [grant from the Ethereum Foundation](https://blog.ethereum.org/2025/02/06/allocation-q4-24#:~:text=Set%20of%2080%20puzzles%20for%20players%20to%20become%20comfortable%20with%20writing%20Yul%20assembly%20where%20players%20fill%20out%20a%20code%20block%20and%20see%20if%20the%20unit%20tests%20pass.).
